{{ cookiecutter.repo_name }}/README.md, before:

# {{cookiecutter.project_name}}

{{cookiecutter.description}}

## Project structure

The directory structure of the project looks like this:

```txt

├── Makefile             <- Makefile with convenience commands like `make setup_project` or `make requirements`
├── README.md            <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
│{% if cookiecutter.with_docs == 'y' %}
├── docs                 <- Documentation folder
│   │
│   ├── index.md         <- Homepage for your documentation
│   │
│   ├── mkdocs.yml       <- Configuration file for mkdocs
│   │
│   └── source/          <- Source directory for documentation files
│{% endif %}
├── models               <- Trained and serialized models, model predictions, or model summaries
│
├── pyproject.toml       <- Project configuration file
│
├── requirements.txt     <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment
|
├── requirements_dev.txt <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment
|
├── requirements_test.txt <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment
│
├── tests                <- Test files
│
├── {{cookiecutter.project_name}}  <- Source code for use in this project.
│   │
│   ├── __init__.py      <- Makes folder a Python module
│   │
│   ├── data             <- Scripts to download or generate data
│   │   ├── __init__.py
│   │   └── get_data.py
│   │
│   ├── models           <- model implementations, training script and prediction script
│   │   ├── __init__.py
│   │   ├── model.py
│   │
│   ├── train_model.py   <- script for training the model
│
└── LICENSE              <- Open-source license if one is chosen
```

Created using [mlops_template](https://github.com/Black3rror/mlops_template),
a [cookiecutter template](https://github.com/cookiecutter/cookiecutter) for
starting a Deep Learning Project.

Commit message:

Cleaner architecture
Removing unnecessary gitkeeps
A bit better architecture in README
Adding agents/ to gitignore

{{ cookiecutter.repo_name }}/README.md, after:

# {{cookiecutter.project_name}}

{{cookiecutter.description}}

## Project structure

The directory structure of the project looks like this:

```txt

├── Makefile             <- Makefile with convenience commands like `make setup_project` or `make requirements`
│
├── README.md            <- The top-level README for developers using this project
│{% if cookiecutter.with_docs == 'y' %}
├── docs/                <- Documentation folder
│   │
│   ├── index.md         <- Homepage for your documentation
│   │
│   ├── mkdocs.yml       <- Configuration file for mkdocs
│   │
│   └── source/          <- Source directory for documentation files
│{% endif %}
├── models/              <- Trained and serialized models, model predictions, or model summaries
│
├── pyproject.toml       <- Project configuration file
│
├── requirements.txt     <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment
│
├── requirements_dev.txt <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment
│
├── requirements_test.txt <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment
│
├── tests/               <- Test files
│
├── AGENTS.md            <- How agents should work on this project
│
├── agents/              <- A workspace for agents to plan and coordinate
│
├── {{cookiecutter.project_name}}/  <- Source code for use in this project
│   │
│   ├── __init__.py      <- Makes folder a Python module
│   │
│   ├── data/            <- Scripts to download or generate data
│   │   ├── __init__.py
│   │   └── get_data.py
│   │
│   ├── models/          <- model implementations, training script and prediction script
│   │   ├── __init__.py
│   │   └── model.py
│   │
│   └── train_model.py   <- script for training the model
│
└── LICENSE              <- Open-source license if one is chosen
```

Created using [mlops_template](https://github.com/Black3rror/mlops_template),
a [cookiecutter template](https://github.com/cookiecutter/cookiecutter) for
starting a Deep Learning Project.
